apps/dev-portal-web/docs/bridge/methods/modals/show-modal-window.en.mdx, before:

This method allows you to open a modal window in the main interface with an additional page of your mini-application.

## Platforms
- B2B-Web

<Alert type={'info'}>
    All Condo Bridge methods can be used within a modal window page in the same way as within the main mini-application window.
</Alert>


## Method params

| Parameter name | Parameter type      | Required    | Parameter description                                                                                                                 |
|----------------|---------------------|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| title          | string              | yes         | Modal window title                                                                                                                    |
| url            | string              | yes         | url of the page to be opened in the modal window                                                                                      |
| size           | small \| big        | no          | The size of the modal window. Examples can be found [here](https://condo.d.doma.ai/ui/index.html?path=/story/components-modal--modal) |


## Return value

If successful, method will return JSON object containing single field `modalId` - ID of opened modal window,
which can be used [to close corresponding window](/docs/bridge/methods/modals/close-modal-window):
```json
{ "modalId": "d21ec5e9-aafe-4552-b8ce-825f9c48c7ea" }
```

<Alert type='info'>
    This parameter will also be embedded in the url of the opened window as a query parameter, so you don't have to pass it forward from the main window by yourself.
</Alert>


## Usage example

Below is an example of opening a modal window from the main page of a mini-application:

```typescript jsx
// pages/index.tsx
import React, { useCallback, useState } from 'react'

import bridge from '@open-condo/bridge'
import { Button } from '@open-condo/ui'

export default function MiniappPage (): React.ReactNode {
    const [openModalId, setOpenModalId] = useState<string | null>(null)

    const openModal = useCallback(() => {
        bridge.send('CondoWebAppShowModalWindow', {
            url: 'http://localhost:3001/modal',
            size: 'small',
            title: 'My modal title',
        }).then((data) => {
            setOpenModalId(data.modalId)
        })
    }, [])

    return (
        <Button type='primary' onClick={openModal}>Open modal window</Button>
    )
}
```

![Opened modal window](/bridge/show-modal.png)

Commit message:

refactor(condo): DOMA-12769 make iframe handle loader height to overcome ui 'jumping' (#7120)
* refactor(condo): DOMA-12769 make iframe handle loader height to overcome interface 'jumping'

* refactor(bridge): added optional props to modal opener method for handling loader height

* refactor(condo): DOMA-12769 removed fill param from iframe

* refactor(bridge): removed fill param

* refactor(spp): DOMA-12769 removed fill param and added heights

* refactor(global): DOMA-12769 support bridge api in registry-importer and resident-app

* refactor(global): DOMA-12769 added docs for bridge's new prop

* refactor(bridge): DOMA-12769 refactored prop name (height -> initialHeight)

* chore(registry-importer): DOMA-12769 fixed style lint

* chore(dev-portal-web): DOMA-12769 added english docs for 'initialHeight' param for ShowModalWindow event

* chore(dev-portal-web): DOMA-12769 removed iframe mention in the docs

* chore(global): DOMA-12769 updated submodules

apps/dev-portal-web/docs/bridge/methods/modals/show-modal-window.en.mdx, after:

This method allows you to open a modal window in the main interface with an additional page of your mini-application.

## Platforms
- B2B-Web

<Alert type={'info'}>
    All Condo Bridge methods can be used within a modal window page in the same way as within the main mini-application window.
</Alert>


## Method params

| Parameter name | Parameter type      | Required    | Parameter description                                                                                                                 |
|----------------|---------------------|-------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| title          | string              | yes         | Modal window title                                                                                                                    |
| url            | string              | yes         | url of the page to be opened in the modal window                                                                                      |
| size           | small \| big        | no          | The size of the modal window. Examples can be found [here](https://condo.d.doma.ai/ui/index.html?path=/story/components-modal--modal) |
| initialHeight  | number              | no          | The initial height of the modal window                                                                                                |


## Return value

If successful, method will return JSON object containing single field `modalId` - ID of opened modal window,
which can be used [to close corresponding window](/docs/bridge/methods/modals/close-modal-window):
```json
{ "modalId": "d21ec5e9-aafe-4552-b8ce-825f9c48c7ea" }
```

<Alert type='info'>
    This parameter will also be embedded in the url of the opened window as a query parameter, so you don't have to pass it forward from the main window by yourself.
</Alert>


## Usage example

Below is an example of opening a modal window from the main page of a mini-application:

```typescript jsx
// pages/index.tsx
import React, { useCallback, useState } from 'react'

import bridge from '@open-condo/bridge'
import { Button } from '@open-condo/ui'

export default function MiniappPage (): React.ReactNode {
    const [openModalId, setOpenModalId] = useState<string | null>(null)

    const openModal = useCallback(() => {
        bridge.send('CondoWebAppShowModalWindow', {
            url: 'http://localhost:3001/modal',
            size: 'small',
            title: 'My modal title',
        }).then((data) => {
            setOpenModalId(data.modalId)
        })
    }, [])

    return (
        <Button type='primary' onClick={openModal}>Open modal window</Button>
    )
}
```

![Opened modal window](/bridge/show-modal.png)
